How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the 
bug that was introduced?

I saved time by checking only the lines that have been changed
Then checking onle the changed lines , I was able to indentify the typo

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a 
more efficient programmer in the long term?

It can help you in comparing the files and track your progress
You can check previous working versions to undo your changes upto a 
particular point

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to 
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google Docs does?

Git:
Pros
->You save changes only at every logical point
Cons
->You may save too often or too far apart that the two files make no 
sense when compared.
->You may forget to save.

Google Docs:
Pros
->The changes are saved automatically and hence releasing you from the 
task of remembering to save the changes.
Cons
->But it won't save at every logical point and there may be a lot of 
unnessary saves or important changes may not be saved.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each 
file separately?

Because you want to track the states of other files at the time of commit 
as all the files are highly interrelated and changes in 1 file effects 
another.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of 
files?

git log gives info on all the commits on the repository in form of 
ID,TimeOfCommit and Message to state what changes have been done.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes 
that could break something?

Version control strores all the previous commits and hence we could check 
the previous working commit and find out the differences using git 
diff.Finally fixing the break.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using 
Git for?

I want to use git for version control of my project.