What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository a .git directory will be added to the 
directory in which the repository was initialized.
Through this .git you track the history of your files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?

Staging area is diffrent from working directory and repository in the 
sense that it stores the files temporaryly.
It allows us to group all the files whose changes you want to commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
logical change?

After a logical change in multiple file all the changed files can be 
stored in staging area for the repository to group them together and 
commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?

branches would be helpful when you want to experiment with the existing 
code while maintaing it.Branches help in letting you experiment with code 
seperate from working code.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

the diagrams help in determing where exactly there is a branch and if 
there are any unreachable commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent 
it in the diagram the way we do?
 
The result of merging two branches results in commit which has lines 
common to both branches,lines added to either branches and without lines 
which were deleted in either of the branches.
We represent it in the diagram the way we do as the resultant commit will 
have two parents.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing 
merges manually?

Git’s automatic merging:
Pros
-Saves user time and is efficient
Cons
-There may merge conflicts where the same part of the 2 branches has been 
modified in each branch differently

always doing merges manually
Pros
-There will be hardly any confilcts as the user merges carefully
Cons
-It is time taking.The would be needed to completely understand both 
branches before trying to merge them.